Endpoint enrichment enhancement (#25420)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_3_51.md

#### Playbooks

##### Endpoint Enrichment - Generic v2.1

> - Added outputs of Active Directory command 'ad-get-computer (Active Directory Query v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added outputs of the Active Directory command ***ad-get-computer*** (Active Directory Query v2).
```

Author: Done

> - Removed deprecated command 'epo-find-system (epo)'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed deprecated command ***epo-find-system*** (epo).
```

Author: Done

> - Update deprecated command from 'cb-sensor-info (carbonblack-v2)' to 'endpoint (VMware Carbon Black EDR v2)'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated deprecated command from ***cb-sensor-info*** (carbonblack-v2) to ***endpoint*** (VMware Carbon Black EDR v2).
```
